[docs] Clean up docs mentions of classic builds (#21142)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-sentry.mdx

- It is free for up to 5,000 events per month.
- It streamlines your error-reporting code across iOS, Android, and web

> > Native crash reporting is available via EAS Build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Native crash reporting is not available in Expo Go, it is only available in standalone builds or development builds.
```
